This update includes issues from Blog 1[[Woodcutting Rework Part 1]]
### Added  
* added new region "The grove" (Contains every type of tree choppable in Tamir).  
* added new npc "Ed Wood". (He transports the player to and from the grove)  
* new npc "Friendly Forester". Contains 2 new shops.  
  * added generic woodcutting axe shop, contains bronze-rune.  
* added grove token shop, and grove token currency  
  * contains Lumberjack outfit pieces  
  * Felling Axe Handle  
* Added Spirit of the Grove events  
  * occasionally occur while woodcutting, give loot and 'blessing of the grove'  
* Added 'Blessing of the Grove' Woodcutting buff which gives increased damage, crtical hits, auto banks logs, gives extra grove tokens, improves chop speed and improves progress towards your next log.  
* Added achievement section for Woodcutting achievements.  
* added `::wcbonuses` command to display wc bonuses  
### Changed  
* rebalanced old and added "new" trees  
  * added redwoods/celastrus/and crystal as 'regular' choppable trees  
* rebalanced old and added "new" axes, including felling axes and the ability to create them.  
* changed woodcutting to be more like "do damage to a tree based on your level", allowing for 'critical swings', slowing down log rates but keeping xp rates.  
* heavily buffed wc outfit effects  
* made bird's nests stackable and go straight to inventory  
* changed clue scrolls to be caskets for rewards isntead of clues directly  
* removed trees getting chopped down (temporary)  
* random events no longer teleport you for ignoring them  